Central banks control the money supply.
They control the liquidity. They
determine what assets are priced at.
Central banks determine which companies
succeed and which fail. With intention,
countries have found themselves in
massive amounts of debt. So massive that
they could never pay it back. Now we
watch as these nations sell off their
most precious assets in order to pay off
their debt. A plan masterminded by the
technocratic elite who pursue complete
dominance. You came here for the truth.
So let me unveil that for you. Let's get
into exactly what is going on today in
countries all over the world and why
this is critical beginning with this.
This is the newest piece of
information. The
multi-millionaire star of the Brazilian
version of The Apprentice TV show who
took over S. Apollo's mayor this month
is set to embark on the
biggest municipal privatization drive in
the country's
history. This is just one example.
Okay. All I want to say is that country
after country, cities, states,
provinces, they're getting into too much
debt. I've shown you that. You've seen
it on your own. I know.
And what has happened is that just like
an individual, they begin to sell off
their
assets in order to recoup some of that
debt. But look at the case of Greece
where we
had
CDS or the credit default
swaps were financial weapons used
against the country. The country gets
into even more debt than it already was
in and finds itself in a
predicament. And they chose this route
because as you would find with any
individual who's suffering with
debt, they look to their wealth, their
assets, their savings, and they begin to
sell it off. Look, you do what you have
to, right? Well, understand. I
understand. But what happens when you
were forced into
this? Then you have a different
picture. So they're talking about the
plans that Brazil has here. Sa Paulo
has.
He plans to sell off everything from Sao
Paulo's carnival
venue to rights to the city's
cemeteries aiming to raise more than 7
billion RS uh $2.2
billion. And you know, I get it. I get
what you're trying to do, but I see the
bigger picture. I see what the
technocratic elite have done. I can see
what the globalists have done. The
central
banks initiate this policy that you have
to for some strange reason have a
central bank that loans money to the
government at interest, making it
impossible to ever pay back. Because in
order to pay that back, you need to
create more
money. And you do so through thin air,
of course.
And so the debt expands and expands and
expands and no country ever seems to
ever get out of debt. So what we have
are countries finding themselves in this
predicament. They sell off their assets
in order to get out of it. It is a
genius plan. Who's buying the assets?
Well, in this example right here, this
is Greece. We saw their uh those in
Greece basically suffering on a personal
level. Unemployment was extremely high,
still is today. And then you saw the
country engaging in um
selloff. The you know this is just one
example I wanted to show you. The
official body set to help privatize
Greek
holdings. Real estate sales go beyond
luxury island resorts. You know, they
wanted to sell the Athens International
Airport, looking for potential partners
in 28 government properties, including
the headquarters for the Ministries of
Justice, Health, Education, and Internal
Affairs, the Athens Police Headquarters
as well. And then you're looking at
other things as well here. Even
motorways, uh, various national ports
and jets as well. Okay, big time assets.
And the point I
make here is that you know where would
it stop? And the question
remains who is going to buy this? Is
there going to be some sort of
um let's say conflict of interest, some
predicaments down the road? What if it's
a a foreign government indirectly or
directly purchasing these assets? You
know, it could become a very serious
problem later down the road. This is a
very very dangerous scheme to sell off
state assets. This is another thing from
uh Greece as well.
But look at this what they mentioned.
Greek islands. Yes, of course that's
been done already. Nature preserves or
even ancient ruins.
What would happen if they sold off some
of their greatest assets? How in the
world could you ever explain this to the
following generations? All right,
quickly I want to go into this. Italy
selling off state assets to reduce its
debt mountain. Once again, just travel
through Europe for a moment. Here you
see all of the countries. They refer to
them as the pigs. Portugal, Italy,
Ireland, Greece, and Spain all in heavy
debt. So what do they do? They all of
them were discussing at the very least
selling off
assets. Treasury says Italy can sell 54
billion in state assets. There's a whole
article here and uh one of the things
that they wanted to sell off real estate
and number two 10 billion euros in
carbon
permits and
it's you know whatever it is I always
try
to consider that it will be a tiptoe
effect. It will be an escalation. So
what it is today, later down the road it
simply just compounds and gets worse and
worse and worse. Spain to sell off a
quarter of its properties. Wow, that's
so generous of them. The Spanish
government has approved a plan to sell a
quarter of its stateowned properties in
a bid to raise hundreds of millions and
boost the government's empty coffers.
Yes, it could certainly do that. Okay,
they're going to make a lot of money
back. But what do you lose out on?
you're losing out on something that
could be very important not just in
monetary terms but also to the people to
the the environment the whole you know
traditions and everything else in a
country so it's very very dangerous
policy to do this Portugal same
situation is embarking on a sweeping
fire sale of state companies over the
coming months possibly even private
privatizing the state
broadcaster and it goes on and these are
the decisions not made by their own
countries. These are decisions made by
those that exist on top. These are the
super national entities, the
technocratic elite. This is particularly
evident in Europe, but it is not
exclusive to them. I wrote about it in
my new book, which is going to release
soon. I promise you. I promise you. I
promise you. This is part of that new
book. So, here you get to see a little
preview. I entitled this one little
section Vultures Picnic. After the
excellent book, After Greece began
getting torn apart by the financial
vultures, they needed to sell off
precious assets in order to make their
money back. The Amir of Qatar bought six
Greek islands for rock bottom prices.
Literally six islands for millions, a
few million dollars. And although that's
a large sum of money, it's not when you
compare to what they're actually
buying. Since then, Greece has been
forced to engage in a privatization
program, paying off the banker created
debt. That's the point I wanted to make
there. And then I make this final point
here to end the video off. It's only a
matter of time before priceless national
treasures like the coliseum and the
Eiffel Tower get sold off to the banking
establishments and major corporations.
This is what will happen. I assure you
it will take some time, but this is
already
underway. If you found this video
informative, please give me a thumbs
up. If you found the video informative,
I know you'll find my book, The Money
GPS, even more informative. So, head
over to Amazon where they have a look
inside feature that will allow you to
flip through the pages of the book and
see if you like it. Take care.